feat(travis): remove supportPolicy (#11176)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/manager/travis/readme.md

This manager is intended to keep Travis config files (`.travis.yml`) up-to-date.
Currently it manages only the `node_js` section of files only.

An important limitation to note is that Renovate does not currently "understand" Travis's node matrix concept, so it will try to update all found node versions to the latest LTS, e.g.

```diff
node_js:
-  - 8.10.0
-  - 10.10.0
+  - 14.17.4
+  - 14.17.4
```

Due to this, major updates for Travis are disabled by default.

> If you enable them and use a version matrix, then you will likely need to manually fix any major update PRs raised by Renovate. You can enable them this way in config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable major updates and use a version matrix, then you will likely need to manually fix any major update PRs raised by Renovate.
You can major updates them this way in config:
```

Add newline. 😄 

I think it's easier to understand if we say major updates instead of "enable them", but feel free to disagree on this point. 😄

> This manager is intended to keep Travis config files (`.travis.yml`) up-to-date.
> Currently it manages only the `node_js` section of files only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This manager is intended to keep Travis config files (`.travis.yml`) up-to-date, this file controls the CI build environment.
Currently Renovate can only update the `node_js` section of this file.
```

- Add some explanation about what the `.travis.yml` file controls.
- Reword wonky sentence.

> An important limitation is that Renovate does not currently "understand" Travis's node matrix concept, so it will try to update all found node versions to the latest LTS, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important limitation is that Renovate does not currently "understand" Travis's node matrix concept, so it will try to update all found Node.js versions to the latest LTS, e.g.
```

Might want to use the proper casing for the proper noun here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important limitation is that Renovate does not currently "understand" [Travis's Build Matrix concept](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/build-matrix/#matrix-expansion), so it will try to update all found Node.js versions to the latest LTS, e.g.
```

By the way, it seems Travis calls it a Build Matrix, but we call it `node matrix` or `version matrix`. So we might want to settle on one term, and use that one throughout?

In addition, we might also want to link to the Travis.com docs for this build matrix feature? This is optional, so you can choose which suggestion you want to apply.

> An important limitation to note is that Renovate does not currently "understand" Travis's node matrix concept, so it will try to update all found node versions to the latest LTS, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important limitation is that Renovate does not currently "understand" Travis's node matrix concept, so it will try to update all found node versions to the latest LTS, e.g.
```

I think we can simplify here. 😄

```diff
node_js:
-  - 8.10.0
-  - 10.10.0
+  - 14.17.4
+  - 14.17.4
```

Due to this, major updates for Travis are disabled by default.
If you enable major updates and use a version matrix, then you will likely need to manually fix any major update PRs raised by Renovate.

> You can major updates them this way in config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how to enable major updates in your Renovate config:
```

There was a grammar issue in the old line, maybe this is clearer anyway?

```json
{
  "travis": {
    "major": {
      "enabled": true
    }
  }
}
```

> If you would like to see "build matrix" support in future, please contribute ideas to [Issue #11175](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/11175).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to see "build matrix" support in future, please contribute ideas to [issue #11175](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/issues/11175).
```

Maybe we can use lowercase for the word `issue`?
